OSDOCS-7680: Remove "must" from CIDR text (#64433)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-interactive-cluster-creation-mode-options.adoc

|Specify the IP address range for machines (cluster nodes), which must encompass all CIDR address ranges for your VPC subnets. Subnets must be contiguous. A minimum IP address range of 128 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/25`, is supported for single availability zone deployments. A minimum address range of 256 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/24`, is supported for deployments that use multiple availability zones. The default is `10.0.0.0/16`. This range must not conflict with any connected networks.

|`Service CIDR`

> |Specify the IP address range for services. The address block can be the same between clusters and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `172.30.0.0/16`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the IP address range for services. It is recommended that the address block be the same between clusters, but not required and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `172.30.0.0/16`.
```

|`Pod CIDR`

> |Specify the IP address range for pods. The address block can be the same between clusters and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `10.128.0.0/14`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the IP address range for pods. It is recommended that the address block be the same between clusters, but not required and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `10.128.0.0/14`.
```
